# Physion LLC – DMCA Takedown policy

*Effective: March 11, 2014*

Physion LLC (“Physion”) supports the protection of intellectual property and
requests that users of our Products and Services (see Terms of Service) do the
same. It is the policy of Physion to respond to all notices of alleged
copyright infringement.

Notice is given that Physion is not responsible for the content on other
websites or services that any user may find or access when using our Products
and Services. This notice describes the information that should be provided in
notices alleging copyright infringement by items specifically on our Services
such as [ovation.io](http://ovation.io). The forms of notice described below
are consistent with the form suggested by the United  States Digital Millenium
Copyright Act (“DMCA”), available from the U.S. Copyright
[website](http://www.copyright.gov).

It is the policy of Physion, as necessary and in its sole discretion, to
disable and/or terminate accounts of users of our Services who may infringe on
the intellectual property rights (including copyrights) of Physion and/or
others.

In response to notice of alleged copyright infringement, we may remove or
disable access to material claimed to be infringing and/or terminate the
account of the subscriber. If Physion removes or disables access to any item
in response to such a notice, we will make a reasonable effort to contact the
responsible party so that they make make an appropriate response to our
decision.

To file a notice of alleged copyright infringement with us, you must provide
written communication by email or postal mail. Notice is given that you may be
liable for damages (including costs and attorney fees) if you materially
misrepresent that an item is infringing upon your intellectual property.



